
## `irc`

(2017-06-03)

I originally implemented this library using the `irc` crate.

The `irc` crate depends on an outdated version of `openssl` (the Rust crate,
not the actual `openssl` C library) for TLS, and looks like it has more
willingness to panic than I appreciate in a library.

The last commit using the `irc` crate was
`8f56b20844c3981b45b748d5138b4da2850b35dc`.


## `tokio-irc-client`

(2017-06-03)

Secondly, I rewrote this library using the `tokio-irc-client` crate.

I've concluded that this implementation is a dead end, though I may revive it
in the future if ever I become more experienced with Tokio.

If I naively try to run two futures (`intake_future` and `output_future`)
concurrently as `input_future.join(output_future)`, `input_future` is run very
briefly (only receiving the first two of many messages that are sent by the
server when I connect), and then only `output_future` is run.

Trying `select` or `select2` rather than `join` results in type errors I know
not how to understand.

Now I've resorted to running each future on a separate Tokio reactor core,
with `input_future` on the main thread and `output_future` on another thread.
This works, in that the bot receives and sends all messages that it should.
However, while it receives messages just fine, it has terrible latency when
sending messages: a 1-to-1 message from the bot to itself, practically instant
with the `irc` crate, takes literally two minutes with this implementation
(although that measurement is precise only to within five seconds).


## `yak-irc`

(2017-06-25)

I've now rewritten this library with a custom implementation of the necessary
IRC client functionality, which is still a WIP.

(2017-08-05)

I've now split out the custom implementation of the necessary IRC client
functionality (and surely some unnecessary functionality as well) as the crate
`yak-irc` — so named, of course, because it was developed in an act of
yak-shaving.
